added email notifications, keyboard shortcuts. updated web portal (#124)
crazyantlabs/sftptogo-docs: docs/automation/using-webhook-notifications-to-trigger-processes.md

* Nickname (optional) - a descriptive name for your webhook.
* Endpoint  
  * Type - select one of the supported endpoint types:  
    * Webhook - send a HTTP POST requests to the endpoint URL.
    * Slack - send a Slack message to the endpoint URL which should be a valid [Slack incoming webhook URL](https://slack.com/oauth/v2/authorize?client_id=754603809072.3867924020054&scope=incoming-webhook&user_scope=).
    * Teams - send a Microsoft Teams message to a [Teams incoming webhook URL](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/webhooks-and-connectors/how-to/add-incoming-webhook?tabs=dotnet).
    * Email - send a notification to an email recipient.

>   * URL - The endpoint that will receive all webhook notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * URL - HTTPS URL endpoint that will receive all webhook notifications.
  * Email - An email address of a recipient that will receive all webhook notifications for Email types. An address with display name is also supported (e.g. Display Name <email-address>)
```

>   * URL - HTTPS URL of the endpoint that will receive all webhook notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * URL - The endpoint that will receive all webhook notifications.
```
